 [DnD Beyond](https://www.dndbeyond.com/characters/78015067)
 
- Race: Half-elf
- Class: Warlock
- Subclass: The Archfey
- Full name: *Evan Cross*
- Brother to [[Narissa]]
- Son to [[Evans mother]] and [[Evans father]]
- Played by me (Oscar)
---
**Backstory**
For several years, at bedtime, the story you requested from your mother the most often was the story of how she and your father met. When she was in her 30s she lived on the outskirts of [[Turst Fields]]. In her relatively remote cottage she worked as a herbalist and midwife. People from the village came to her when they required her services, but otherwise she mostly kept to herself. One sunny spring morning when the dew was still clinging on to the blades of grass in her garden, a tall elven man with pale skin, emerald green eyes, and long blonde hair appeared on her doorstep. He was an arcane practitioner looking for a rare herb needed for one of his spells. Impressed by her extensive knowledge of herbs, he asked her to accompany him into the mountains to find this specific flower. She did so, and after they returned from their journey he found an excuse to stay a little longer. Over the course of the summer they fell in love and a couple of years later she gave birth to a little baby boy who they named [[Evan]]. Five years after that, a little girl was born - [[Narissa]]. For a while, the four of them lived a happy life.

The bedtime story usually ended there, because two years after Narissa was born, your father left. Your mother was heartbroken - she tried not to show it, but you could tell, because you were heartbroken too. It was around that time she began to show signs of illness and when you were 17 (and Narissa was 12) she died. You realise now that she probably only was able to survive that long due to her proficiency as a healer.

After the death of your mother, you realised that the only way for you and Narissa to survive was to move to Westruun where you could try to find work. Your mother had taught you how to read and write, so you managed to get a job as an assistant bookkeeper in a trader’s guild ([[The Ironhand Trading Company]]), while your sister worked in a blacksmith’s within the same guild. Any time you had to yourself you spent in the book-lined rooms of the [[Cobalt Reserve]], learning everything you could about magic.

As a child you were always in awe of your father’s magical ability and wanted to be just like him. You also can’t help but feel that if only you were as skilled a sorcerer as he was, then maybe you would’ve been able to save your mother. You knew that your elven blood was likely to grant you some innate magical ability, but try as you might even the simplest spells seemed to fail. An avid student, you were sure you just needed to find the right book. One day, on the verge of giving out you poured your heart out to a nice woman you met on the edge of [[The Bramblewood]]. The very next day you found the tome that allowed you to cast your very first spell. You never met the woman again, but you’re pretty sure she must’ve had a contact within the [[Cobalt Reserve]] who pointed you in the right direction. Your desperation to learn more magic sometimes leads you to be a bit power-hungry.

After the move to [[Westruun]], your sister picked up some bad habits. Bad habits that admittedly, helped you get by. Her sticky fingers and overly active curiosity have landed the pair of you in many sticky situations, which means that you’re used to having to talk your way out. One day a few months ago she left the house one evening, not telling you where she was going. The next morning you woke up to find a note on the kitchen table from your sister, along with your sister’s description plastered on notice boards across the city. Apparently she had been caught by some guards breaking into an office in the [[Hall of Reason]] (the city’s courthouse). In her note she explained that she’d left the city for a while until things cooled down a bit. After handing in your notice at your job you soon followed her. Eventually, you tracked her down in [[Mudchute]] where she had, yet again, managed to get herself into trouble. She seems unaware that you followed her almost immediately after she left - instead she thinks you’ve come here to clean up this mess so that she doesn’t embarrass you any further.

---
- Inadvertently made a pact with his [[Patron]]